>>DAVID WILCOCK: All
right, welcome back
to Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And I'm here with David Adair.
So why don't we start
from the beginning?
Because you have a very
significant story here.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Yeah.
>>DAVID: Take us
through the story.
>>ADAIR: Well, a chain
of events occurred
while this was going on.
My mother was a nurse--
this is 1966-- and she was in
charge of a coronary care unit.
And my mother ran third shift
from 11 to 7:00 in the morning.
And she had this elderly
patient, 95 years old,
and his name is Irving.
And the wife,
Arizona, was there.
And they had a son
named Curtis that
would come in about 3 o'clock
in the morning to see him.
Their last name is LeMay.
So this is Curtis
LeMay's parents.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: My mother
was the CC technician.
And since she is in
charge of third shift,
Curtis LeMay has to go through
my mother to see his parents.
So they became friends.
And he would show up
at 3:00 in the morning,
because he's like paparazzi,
back in those years, I mean.
You know, former head
of the joint chiefs,
designer of the B-52, founder
of SAC, Strategic Air Command.
Guy had a little bit of power.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>ADAIR: So he got to know my
mother, and they'd just talk.
You know, personable guy.
And he asked my mother
what's your family like?
She said, well, I got my
husband and three sons.
And then she goes, these other
two sons are only about a year
apart.
It's pretty much normal.
But she goes, that younger one,
he's a little bit different.
And Curtis says, how so?
He's flying all these rockets
out in the cattle fields.
And they are really
fast, and they're big.
And he said, well, how tall?
And she goes, oh, they're
about twice my height.
He goes, damn, that's big.
And he's always
writing stuff down.
And that got Curtis's attention.
He goes, he had stuff
written in a book?
Yeah, he's got this big
notebook, about 93 pages of it.
Could you bring that and
let me see it one night?
So she brought it one night.
I go to bed to get
up to go to school,
so I didn't even
know it was gone.
She comes back 7:00 in the
morning, put it back down,
I never even knew
it was missing.
>>DAVID: Oh wow.
>>ADAIR: So Curtis looks at it.
He starts flipping through it.
And he's a pretty
smart guy himself.
And he's going, man.
He turned around to
my mother, and said,
you don't have a copier do you?
[LAUGHTER]
And he copied about a third.
Thank god he didn't
copy the whole thing.
But he copied about
a third of it.
And he took it to about an
hour and a half away from home,
to Battelle Memorial.
That's a big think tank.
>>DAVID: What was in the
books that caught his eye?
Were you just taking notes
from these 1,800 books
in the library that you'd read?
>>ADAIR: No, to do what
I was wanting to do,
I'd have to make everything
new from scratch.
So I extrapolated
information as a base point,
and then I started my own math.
And I went into electromagnetic
fusion containment.
>>DAVID: For space travel?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, for
containment of a sun,
electromagnetic fields.
So Curtis took those pages he
copied to Battelle Memorial,
and he asked them is
that just chicken scratch
or something important?
And their immediate
reaction was who is this?
Where is this person
that's writing?
He said, some kid launching
rockets out in cow fields.
And they go, my god.
So LeMay asked is it real?
They said, yeah, we'd
like to meet him.
And that's when things
started with LeMay.
>>DAVID: So LeMay and
his people started
to think that you might actually
have developed a way to contain
electromagnetic fusion.
Now was that not being
done at the time?
And what's the
payoff if that works?
>>ADAIR: There were
some people working
on some stuff, Los Alamos.
But what LeMay saw was
that, according to Battelle,
I was on the right track,
and I was definitely
closing in on it.
And they just were
kind of flabbergasted
that I wasn't at some
institution or agency,
working with whatever.
And to LeMay, his brain was
going in something else.
So what he smelt was a coup
here that he could pull,
and that is he would
fund me for everything
I need, and he would
end up with something
that he was dearly looking
for, which was speed.
He was looking for
enormous speed.
Because he had a term that
I've never heard before in '71,
it's called first strike.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: So I just thought,
well, you're a kid.
You're 15 years
old, and somebody
is willing to give you
everything that you need?
Come on, you going
to jump on it.
You're not going to say
no, I don't think so.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: And there's
been some critics
that says, you
couldn't pull this off
in a garage by yourself.
You're absolutely right.
I needed everybody.
And this guy, with his
power and his background--
although he was a civilian, it
does not matter in his power--
he had the entire
iron triad working
for him, which is
the commercial,
and the military-industrial
complex.
So we had people
working with us.
We'd sub parts out that we
need, and machine definetely.
So I had people like National
Livermore Laboratories
at Los Alamos, Oak Ridge,
Tennessee, Battelle Memorial,
list just goes on and on.
And LeMay was very shrewd.
We would break things
up into small units,
and send them out,
farm them out.
So when the person's working
on the device for us,
not really sure what it is.
It might be some kind
of propulsion thing,
or this might be
regulating a flow.
You couldn't put it together
unless you had all the parts.
And that was very smart of him.
So when everything came back to
our building, our assembly lab,
I put everything together.
And there was a
lot of personnel,
among hundreds of
people working.
So it took us 26
and a half months.
I'd go to school, get off
the bus in the afternoon,
and all these people were at
this big garage lab that I had.
And I had asked LeMay
to get everybody out
of their uniforms, and wear
blue jeans and plaid shirts,
so they blend in
with the locals.
Because I'm trying to
live a normal life here.
And he said, oh man, that's
perfect, it's like covert.
And I went, what's covert?
He's, never mind,
just keep on going.
And I tried not to talk
about much at school.
But the kids knew that there
was something going on with me.
>>DAVID: So what
did LeMay tell you
the goal was of what
you were doing for him?
>>ADAIR: What he wanted was--
he said, I want the same
thing you want, David.
And I said, oh, you want
an electromagnetic fusion
containment fire plant?
And he goes, yeah,
that's what I want.
Well, let's see what
we can do to get it.
And he knew for me
to test my field--
the best thing to test it
in is a rocket body, which
is exactly what he wanted.
So Colonel Arthur
Bailey Williams
was the XO General LeMay.
And he was he was there
on site every day.
I don't think I never saw LeMay,
it was just Colonel Williams.
And once we got
done, we were ready.
It was completed
after 26 months.
And now we're ready
to put it in a truck
and take it to Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base.
And so we arrived there.
I do remember this,
when we pulled in,
there was a C-141 Starlifter.
If you've ever seen them
things, they are huge.
>>DAVID: Enormous.
>>ADAIR: And there was this
ring of heavily armed Air Force
people around the plane.
And they told me to
drive over to it.
And I was afraid
to pull up to it,
because I thought
something's going on,
I don't want to mess up with it.
And then I realized
that was for me.
That was for my-- and I
remember just standing there
on this apron, big concrete
area, and that big C-141
sitting there.
And all these military people
with weapons, and a lot
of security people everywhere.
And I thought, my god,
this is all for me.
About to have a heart attack.
So we get the thing
rolled up onto the plane,
and off to White Sands,
New Mexico we go.
So we're going to
launch this thing.
And when we get
there, we prep it.
And then that's when
more characters started
showing up in the story.
It's a long way to
explain it, but I
had become friends with
Wernher von Braun by then.
>>DAVID: Ah.
>>ADAIR: And people go,
well, how's that possible?
I won science awards.
Oh man, by the time I was
16, I had won probably
over 100 scientific awards.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: And some
of the trophies
were taller than I was.
And you have dignitaries
hanging medals around your neck.
Well, one dignitary was Wernher
von Braun, which makes sense.
So now we're back at White
Sands with the rocket.
>>DAVID: Did the C-141 actually
hold the rocket inside of it?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>DAVID: Is that why
they were guarding it?
>>ADAIR: Absolutely.
LeMay picked it out.
And I said, good choice.
So we got to White Sands,
and then there was--
that's when things started.
This black DC-9
landed the next day.
And I made a joke with Colonel
Williams as he's watching DC-9.
And I notice he's not smiling.
I said, where's the
white bunny head?
You know, on the side of
the tail of the plane.
Because that's
Huge Hefner's plane
flying around those years.
>>DAVID: The Playboy bunny?
>>ADAIR: Exactly.
And I looked up at
him, and normally, he's
really a personable guy.
But he's not smiling.
He didn't look happy at all.
And he had a good reason.
Cause he was worried about
something, and he was right.
Soon as the plane rolled up
to our hangar, it stopped.
Out came these guys, so help
me, black suits, white shirts,
little skinny black ties.
Get closer to them,
funny-looking triangle watch.
And I didn't know--
>>DAVID: Triangle watch?
>>ADAIR: Yes kind of a
triangle-shaped watch.
>>DAVID: So they're agents.
>>ADAIR: Actually, what I
believe y'all call MiBs.
>>DAVID: MiBs, yeah.
>>ADAIR: That's the first time--
I didn't know who they were.
I just thought,
pretty stupid people
wearing that kind of clothes
in the middle of a New Mexico
desert in the summer.
>>DAVID: Sure.
>>ADAIR: And then one little
guy came out behind them
after everybody got off.
Now he had khaki
shorts and stuff.
And I thought, he's smart.
He knows how to dress.
And I'm looking at
Colonel Williams,
and he's not saying a word.
And I asked him, what's
wrong, Colonel Williams?
He goes, we're in
serious trouble.
He goes, well, who's
the guy in khaki?
And then he got closer, and
I recognized him from a photo
that von Braun showed me.
He came in through
Operation Paperclip.
His name is Rudolph,
Arthur Rudolph.
He is the chief architect of
the F-1 Saturn V moon rocket
engines of Apollo.
But he's also a full Gestapo
Nazi, and he had killed--
he was responsible for
tens of thousands of deaths
at Mittelwerk, [INAUDIBLE] where
they had built the V-2 rockets.
And von Braun told
me if he'd ever
show up in anything I'm doing,
you are in such trouble.
Because this guy
will take command.
So at least I knew who he was.
And I could tell Colonel
Williams knew who he was,
and the Colonel wasn't happy.
So he come walking over to me.
And I went, hi, my name's
David, what's your name?
He wouldn't answer.
Oh he said, oh, I'm just
a guy goes around looking
at hardware for the military.
I understand you got a
different kind of rockets here.
I said, yeah, you
want to see it?
And he says, sure.
So I take him over
to it, and he gets
on the opposite side of me.
The rocket's between us.
And he said, can you open
it up and let me see?
I said, sure.
So I take a big block
of metal in my hand,
and run it down the hull.
And the panel lifts
up and slides over.
And he's looking at my hand
and that block of metal,
and he goes, what is that?
And I go, it's well, called
a dissimilar metal lock.
I went, it's old, it's
World War II technology.
You don't have one of these?
He got mad on that one.
And I guess, I may
have insulted him.
But apparently, he didn't
know anything about it.
He said, that's pretty advanced.
And I thought, it's old
stuff, it's not advanced.
So he sticks his head
down into the engine area.
And I thought, this
would be a good time
to say something to him.
So I lean over, and I
was saying to his ear
while he was looking
down, I said,
this engine has about a million
times the power of the F-1
Saturn V moon rocket
engines, Doctor Rudolph.
Man, he--
>>DAVID: Which he made.
>>ADAIR: Oh man.
He raised up--
and I'd never seen
anybody get that red before.
I mean, he looked
like a barber pole.
And he looked at me,
and goes, who are you?
And I go, I'm just
a kid that launches
rockets in cow fields
over here in Ohio.
And then things just
went south from there.
He took over completely.
He took over the launch.
He had me reprogram the
off-the-shelf navigation
to an area about 456
miles, if I remember right,
northwest of us.
Anyway, he dropped it in a
place called Groom Lake, Nevada.
And I guess y'all call
it today, Area 51.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: I never heard
of Area 51 in 1971.
Just Groom Lake's all I knew.
>>DAVID: So what happened
when you got it to Groom Lake?
>>ADAIR: Well, once it
got out of White Sands
and it launched, I was
curious about Groom Lake.
So I pulled geophysical maps.
And it says it's just
a big dry lake bed.
And I said, you see
this black DC-9's
got rubber tires, [INAUDIBLE] up
to its belly in this dry lake.
He tells me, shut up
and get on the plane.
Well, he's got a good reason,
because when we get there,
it's big runways.
It's an Air Force Base.
It's not on my maps.
Well, we kind of circled
the base at first.
And we saw Pitholem laying
out on the desert floor.
>>DAVID: And that's your rocket.
>>ADAIR: Exactly
where they wanted it.
That's the only compliment I
think I ever got from Rudolph.
He said, you landed
it precisely on mark.
And I thought, yeah, well good.
>>DAVID: The rocket could land?
>>ADAIR: On the
sides of the rocket,
I built these big
slip-slide containers
that have parachutes.
These two parachutes came
out, and these parachutes
are tank parachutes,
70-ton tank?
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: So the rocket
landed just like a feather.
There's no damage, it's perfect.
Just laying on the desert floor,
parachutes blowing around it.
So anyway, we land,
we taxi over to it.
There were three
hangars, I remember.
And there was a lot of
construction going on.
This is June 20th, 1971.
And there's construction
all over this base, runways,
everywhere.
So we go to the center hangar,
and I thought, man, this
is really strange.
None of this is on my maps,
and these are government maps.
I thought, what
the hell is this?
So anyway, we get off.
We get in these funny-looking
go-cart things, big ones,
really big, carrying
like 10, 12 people.
And being in science, and
oriented in engineering,
I'm looking at these
golf carts, and I go,
what the hell is
running these things?
It's not propane tanks.
It's not electric.
It's got a big intake, that
some kind of light recessed
inside gets brighter
when it runs.
Then when it slows down,
the light dims down.
>>DAVID: Did it
have any exhaust?
>>ADAIR: No.
And it only made
a strange whine.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>ADAIR: Kind of like a
spooling effect, like a turbine.
I have no idea what--
and even today, I have no idea
what those things were about.
But they were fast.
You know, golf carts only go
like, 10-15 miles an hour.
These things did 60
or 70 miles an hour.
So he says, get on
this thing, and I did.
And we rode into
the center hangar.
And we stopped, and
we're setting there.
And then these
yellow caution lights
start flashing at all the doors.
Then out of the floor,
comes these little pipes
with chains hooked to each part.
So a guardrail's coming up.
And I thought, what is that for?
They don't want people
walking in this building.
Well, we got the
answer pretty quick.
The floor of this hangar
is bigger than a gymnasium.
The entire floor goes down.
It's an elevator.
And I thought, man,
that big elevator,
and with a concrete
floor like that, there's
got to be 100 tons
of concrete here.
And I thought, man, you can't
be using chains or cable
moving something this heavy.
Sure enough, weren't.
After we got down
below the floor,
you can see them spin about 12
of them, spinning in the walls.
They're worm gears.
That's the heaviest load-bearing
gear we ever know of.
Each one was bigger
than a sequoia tree.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: And I thought
about that, I thought,
where'd they cast and
manufacture those things at?
Just amazing.
We went down, and I was so--
>>DAVID: So it could hold a
spectacular amount of weight.
>>ADAIR: Absolutely.
I mean, you could drag an
aircraft carrier in there,
and drop this thing.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: So whatever they're
moving is really heavy.
So we drop down, we go
down, and I'm counting feet,
and estimate we're
about 200 feet down.
And we flush out with the floor.
And man, what you
see next is nuts.
You're looking straight forward.
The other three walls are solid.
So you're looking one way only.
You're looking at this--
it's like Mammoth Cave, if
you ever been in that thing.
>>DAVID: Oh, I have been.
In Kentucky.
>>ADAIR: Yeah,
that cavern thing?
>>DAVID: Yeah, it's huge.
>>ADAIR: It's like
that, but this is
about 10 times the size of it.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: It goes down,
I guess, from the floor
to the top of the arc
is probably 100 feet.
That's a lot.
And then it comes
down to the sides,
and goes straight
down, canters down,
and then it's
perpendicular walls.
In these walls are all these
shops, and hangar bays,
and offices.
And you see people
working in the office.
And we're just getting
it on this go-cart thing.
And we go past all these hangar
doors every once in a while.
And some of the hangar
doors are open partially.
And man, I saw some things in
there I just can't explain.
There was some
really unusual craft.
I can't tell if they were
aircraft or spacecrafts.
Went on down further, and
there was another thing over
in the hangar, and it was
open a little bit wider.
Man, this thing was a
moose of an aircraft.
It looked like a
XB-70, the Valkyrie.
But it had some different
canards and different air
intakes.
So it's something else.
Now the first Valkyrie
was destroyed in a crash.
It sucked up a camera
plane in its tail.
The second one was in
a museum, the Air Force
museum at Wright-Patterson.
So what was this
thing setting here?
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: And once again, it had
all kinds of things hooked up
to it, and drip pans.
Now this thing's running.
I don't know what it's doing.
So we went on down.
Went on down about
a quarter of a mile.
And this causeway,
the main corridor, it
went clear out of sight as
far the human eye could see.
And it would curve with
the curvature of the earth.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>ADAIR: I mean,
it's just enormous.
So we're riding,
and I just asked
the guy a very simple question.
Wow, what did y'all
do with all the dirt?
And they got so mad about that.
And I thought, why would a
question about dirt bother him?
And I just made
another off comment.
I said, what did
you use, a phaser?
And they got really mad then.
I thought, stepping
on nerves here.
And I thought, what is
going on with this place?
>>DAVID: How fast do
you think this golf
cart was going right now?
>>ADAIR: Doing about 50.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>ADAIR: So we're
covering a lot of area.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
And you still don't see
the end of this thing.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: But here's
where it gets good.
Now that I'm kind of
calming down from--
I didn't know there was
anything underground.
I was leaning out,
just to look around
the people sitting in front of
me so I look further, right?
And I noticed when
I stuck out my arm,
there's no shadows anywhere.
Like a paint booth.
Can't have a shadow, because
you'll get a run in the paint.
You can't see it.
But here's the problem.
I can't find any light fixtures.
None.
No indirect lighting, no
direct light, just no lighting
fixtures.
Perfectly illuminated, and I
have no idea even today how
in God's name did you do that?
I have thought that it
might be atmosphere.
But how do you
illuminate an atmosphere?
You're breathing your own light?
>>DAVID: Did it look any
brighter near the ceiling?
Or was it just
evenly illuminated?
>>ADAIR: Evenly
illuminated, perfect.
Illumination right down in the
corners, which you'll have--
>>DAVID: Very strange.
>>ADAIR: Yeah,
that's a word for it.
>>DAVID: Now you're
driving down this hall,
and the whole
entire time, you're
going at 50 miles an hour.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>DAVID: You're just seeing
offices, offices, offices?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>DAVID: And hangar
doors with craft in them,
and all this kind of stuff?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, yeah.
And some doors are--
>>DAVID: So there must have
been hundreds or maybe even
thousands of them.
>>ADAIR: Maybe, if we
didn't keep on driving.
Like, we only went
like, a quarter mile.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: But it gets stranger.
If things aren't weird
enough, no shadows, perfect
illumination, gigantic
cavern I didn't even know
was there, all
these hangar bays--
and most of them
were closed tight.
So god knows what
was behind them.
>>DAVID: Right.
And how bizarre it is that
you're asking simple questions,
and they're getting all angry.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, and
I mean really angry.
I was about to say to
them, calm down, gee, god,
I'm just asking.
And we come up--
if it's not strange
enough, imagine this.
We pull up on the
left hand side.
There's this iris,
like a camera.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: About 40
feet in diameter.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: That is huge, y'all.
We stop, driver gets out,
runs over to this glass panel,
puts his hand down.
And he looks in
this scope thing,
and then there's a flash.
And the iris opens up.
And when iris opens completely,
another from horizontal panel
comes by to fill in the gap
so we can drive across it.
>>DAVID: So this was like
a retinal scan that he had?
>>ADAIR: I was
sitting there going,
is that a retinal scanner
and a palm scanner?
We don't have
anything like that.
This is 1971.
We don't have no PCs, no faxes,
no modems, no cell phones,
no laptops.
We didn't have a
handheld calculator
from Texas Instruments.
That's a few years off.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>ADAIR: And you're
telling me this guy's
got a retina scanner
and a a palm scanner
on a wall that opens
this giant iris door?
Which I ain't never
seen an iris that big.
So I'm going man, what's
going on with this place?
They're packing technology
like I've never seen.
And so we go into this
big gymnasium-sized room,
and it's dark.
Here comes the lights.
>>DAVID: Let me just ask
one question, though.
Do you think that iris might
be that they would have that
instead of a regular door, in
case something inside exploded,
and they needed to contain
an explosive force?
>>ADAIR: Well, that or security.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>ADAIR: They surely didn't
want you just walking in there,
slide a door open, and walk in.
You ain't sliding an iris open.
>>DAVID: Right, that's true.
>>ADAIR: So whatever--
first impression I got--
man, there's something really
super-duper behind this door.
They don't want to have
anybody just walking in seeing.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: So we drive in,
and the lights come up.
I thought, all right, I'm
going to find a light fixture.
And I'm looking everywhere,
no light fixtures.
Comes on like a rheostat.
Comes all the way
to full luminosity
to match what's out
in the causeway.
And I'm going, god,
how do they do that?
I'd give anything to
know how you do that.
So we pull up to a
stop, and at the far end
of the room, this big giant
steel platform, like a stage.
And then there's
something up on the stage,
but there's this giant curtain
hanging down around it,
which is not a material
curtain, like cloth.
It's like mudflaps off a semi,
but as big as this curtain is,
it weighed tons.
>>DAVID: You're saying
giant, but could you
be a little more specific about
the platform and the curtain?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, I would
say just the curtain
itself was over 100 feet wide.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: And it stood
probably 25 feet tall.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: That's big.
>>ADAIR: So something
big is behind there.
>>ADAIR: You better believe it.
And there's cables that
runs up to the ceiling,
and they just disappear
into darkness.
God knows what's up in there.
I don't even want to
know at this point.
So anyway, they
raise the curtain.
We get out of the cart,
we're all standing there.
They raise the curtain,
and I was so disappointed.
I thought I was
ahead of everybody,
electromagnetic fusion
containment engine
setting up on the
desert floor, right?
This curtain rises-- think of an
18-wheel semi with big sleeper
cab.
That's about 70 feet wide.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>ADAIR: Or long.
>>DAVID: 70 feet long.
>>ADAIR: About 70 feet long,
25 feet wide, 15 feet tall.
It's an electromagnetic fusion
containment engine that big.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: And I'm
setting there, going--
I had mixed emotions.
I was disappointed, but
I was just thrilled.
Like, good god, mine is only
about 2 and 1/2 feet long,
and this thing is
just a monster.
>>DAVID: Let me ask
you a question then.
Do you think that when LeMay saw
the original 93-page notebook
that your mother showed him,
that he was seeing blueprints
that you were making that
looked similar to this very
valuable object that
they had in Area 51?
>>ADAIR: I think Battelle did.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>ADAIR: You, know Battelle
Memorial, in 1971, they
had 137 Nobel
laureates on staff.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: It's a powerhouse.
Well, a group of them figured
it out, looking at the math.
And they can tell by the
math which direction or shape
you're taking in physical form.
And so I would imagine
that somebody in that group
knew about this thing,
or made LeMay know of it.
But to be humble, I was
very humbled at the moment.
Because I had a Model A,
and they had a Lamborghini.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>ADAIR: And even though the
Model A and the Lamborghini
are so different in
powers, both of them
are internal
combustion engines, OK?
They got some similarities.
>>DAVID: Was there a color?
What color would you say it was?
>>ADAIR: It had an aqua
color, like ocean blue-green.
Really pretty.
And it had a sheen to it.
But unlike mine, this big one
had an ectoskeleton structure
over it.
Which I thought,
that is so weird.
And it looked very
much similar--
it looked like HR Giger's work.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
And I though, man, what is this?
Well, I had to ask.
Looked at Rudolph, is this thing
a machine or is it organic?
I can't-- Because the
ectoskeleton structure looked
like bone.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>ADAIR: And I'm setting there
going, man, all I can say,
that's alien-looking.
>>DAVID: OK.
If you say it looked like bone,
and it was an exoskeleton,
would it be something
that had a regular matrix
structure, like chicken wire?
Or did it have
certain areas that
were thicker, certain
areas that were thinner?
Were there dendrites?
>>ADAIR: Well, you know
how bones start off
thicker at the spinal
column, like a breath cage.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>ADAIR: And it's breath
caging all around.
It's really protected well.
And there was steps
leading up to the platform
where it's setting.
>>DAVID: In the bone?
>>ADAIR: No, we're
back at the platform.
>>DAVID: Oh, OK.
>>ADAIR: I turn around and ask
Rudolph, can I go up the stairs
and onto the platform and
get close to this thing?
Air Force people say no.
Rudolph says yes.
And he's obviously in charge,
because they just got quiet.
So I went up the steps,
walked up to this thing.
And that's when the weird
stuff really started.
You think weird now, it's
going to get more weird.
First thing I noticed,
my shadow's on it.
And what I've been seeing
through the whole thing,
there's no shadows anywhere.
>>DAVID: No shadows.
>>ADAIR: So I'm spinning
around, looking everywhere,
and I see no light fixtures.
OK, we got luminosity with no
light fixtures and no shadows.
Now we got a thing sitting here
that's got my shadow on it.
Of course, normal down here.
And I notice something else.
As big as it is, on my
device, I had probably
five miles of wiring, screws
nuts, bolts, well-aligned seams
and all this stuff.
This dang thing,
as big as it was,
not one screw, rivet,
weld line, seam.
It looked like it
grew, like an eggplant.
And I went--
I was just dying to turn around
and say to him, how the hell'd
you build this thing?
And I figured I already
got enough trouble asking
about dirt.
They'd really go
nuts on that one.
>>DAVID: If you say it's
aqua blue, did it have--
in terms of its
specularity, was it glossy?
Was it flat?
Did it have a kind
of an aluminum look?
Was there particles in it?
>>ADAIR: Different areas-- the
bone ectoskeleton structure,
that was flat.
The big round spheres, which in
my engine would be cyclotrons,
they were like the aqua
color, but they were smooth.
And when I walked up to it,
I noticed my shadow, right?
And so I go like this,
my shadow is just
a split second behind me.
So I'm going--
>>DAVID: That's weird.
>>ADAIR: I was just--
I'm watching it, and I turned
around and looked at Rudolph,
and he was happy.
I could tell.
Like, uh-huh, you're getting on
and picking this up, are you?
And I look at him, and he and
I are the only one really eye
connecting.
Military people are
like, different world.
So I just went, is this
heat recognition alloy?
It's picking up the heat
radiation off of me,
and then reflecting
it on the hull.
And I thought, god,
that's pretty cool.
>>DAVID: Well, I hate
to stop you right there,
but we have to make episodes.
So that's all the time
we have for this episode.
It's very fascinating.
Sorry for the cliffhanger.
But we're going to
be back with more
with David Adair,
our special guest
here on Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm David Wilcock, and I want
to thank you for watching.